docs(biome_js_analyze): improve biome_analyze/CONTRIBUTING.md (#4572)
biomejs/biome: crates/biome_analyze/CONTRIBUTING.md

   Among the other files, you'll find a file called `use_my_rule_name.rs` inside the `biome_js_analyze/lib/src/lint/nursery` folder. You'll implement your rule in this file.

2. Let's have a look at the generated code in  `use_my_rule_name.rs`:

   ```rust
   ...
   impl Rule for UseMyRuleName {
       type Query = Ast<JsIdentifierBinding>;
       type State = ();
       type Signals = Option<Self::State>;
       type Options = ();

       fn run(ctx: &RuleContext<Self>) -> Self::Signals {
           ...
       }

       fn diagnostic(ctx: &RuleContext<Self>, _state: &Self::State) -> Option<RuleDiagnostic> {
           ...
       }
   }
   ```

   We can observe a few details from this snippet:

   - The **`Options`** type can be used to define [additional options](#rule-options) for your rule:

     ```rust
     type Options = ();
     ```

     Use `()` if your rule does not have additional options.

   - The **`Query`** type defines the entities for which your your rule's `UseMyRuleName::run` function will be invoked:
     ```rust
     type Query = Ast<JsIdentifierBinding>;
     ```

>      _→ The `Ast<>` query type for example allows you to query the AST/CST of a program._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     _→ The `Ast<>` query type, for example, allows you to query the node/token of a program._
```

Author: I'd say that this would not be entirely correct, because we are **querying** the AST **for** a specific node/type. So maybe this?
```suggestion
     _→ The `Ast<>` query type, for example, allows you to query the AST/CST of a program for nodes of a specific type._
```

>      _→ For more advanced use cases it is also possible to define [custom query types](#custom-syntax-tree-visitors)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     _→ For more advanced use cases, it is also possible to define [custom query types](#custom-syntax-tree-visitors)._
```

   - The **`run`** function will be invoked for each match of `Query`.
     It should return either `Some` to report a diagnostic for that match, or `None`.

     _→ It is also possible to report multiple diagnostics for a single `Query` match._

>      _See [Multiple Signals](#multiple-signals) for instructions._

Reviewer: I would avoid using the term "multiple diagnostics" because it isn't true. The analyzer already returns multiple diagnostics for each query match. Having multiple *signals* for a query match isn't about diagnostics per se, but it's more about code actions and "awareness" of the rule.

Reviewer: I still need to find a good wording to explain when to use multiple signals, so it's definitely something we need to clarify eventually

Author: Maybe it would be a good idea to include a link to the documentation (or code) for the `Rule` trait, because (after reading it just now....), the documentation seems concise and good, covering the different aspects of `query matches`, `signals`, `instances`, `actions`, `diagnostics` and their relationship.

Reviewer: The `Rule` trait has many functions, but many of them were made for some edge cases, hence they are less used. I wasn't around when `suppressed_nodes` was made, but was created to stop the rule from emitting signals inside some recursed code. I think we use it inside the template literals code. 

Happy to improve the docs as much as we can!

     ```rust
     type Signals = Option<Self::State>;

     fn run(ctx: &RuleContext<Self>) -> Self::Signals {
       let matched_node = ctx.query();
       ...
     }
     ```

>    - The **`diagnostic`** function will be invoked for each occurence returned by `run`, and turns these occurences into `RuleDiagnostic` instances that define the message(s) reported to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The **`diagnostic`** function will be invoked for each signal returned by `run`, and these signals will be turned into `RuleDiagnostic` instances that define the message(s) reported to the user.
```

Saying "occurrence" without explaining what "occurrence" is can be confusing. Since we are talking about signals, we should stick with it.

Author: I agree, though we should really explain "signal" then, too, because, by itself, that's an even more generic term.

I'd argue for using the active voice here, because emitting the `RuleDiagnostic` instances is exactly what `diagnostic` does. Using the passive voice IMO makes it sound like the `signal => RuleDiagnostic` conversion is done somewhere else.

```suggestion
   - The **`diagnostic`** function will be invoked for each signal returned by `run`, and turns these signal into `RuleDiagnostic` instances that define the message(s) reported to the user.
```

     ```rust
     fn diagnostic(ctx: &RuleContext<Self>, state: &Self::State) -> Option<RuleDiagnostic> { ... }
     ```

>    - The `State` type can be used to pass additional information for each occurence reported by `run` to the `diagnostic` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The `State` type can be used to pass additional information for each signal reported by `run` function to the `diagnostic` and `action` functions.
```

     Use `()` if you don't need to pass additional information:

     ```rust
     type State = ();
     ```

3. Optional: Use `Options` to [define custom options](#rule-options) for your rule.

>    We'll leave it as `()` for now.

Reviewer: This paragraph repeats what we already said before at line 151. We should avoid repetitions

Author: The repetition is intentional here, because the two occurences serve different purposes and accomodate two different reading styles:

1. "Here's how a rule implementation looks in general"
2. "Here's what you have to do step-by-step to implement your example rule"

I'm trying to avoid burying the "General Design" information within the step-by-step guide so it's not overlooked if you don't know it's there (because that's what happened to me: I'm usually scanning the document for the piece of information I'm looking for by jumping between the headings and other important-looking visual cues, and if it looks like a step-by-step tutorial with a low information density after reading one or two paragraphs, I skip ahead).

> 4. Use `Query` to define the node type that you want to analyze.

Reviewer: This is also a repetition of line 159

Author: Same rationale [as before](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/pull/4572/files#r1848191089) :)

}
```

> #### Multiple Signals

Reviewer: Is there a particular reason for this being upper case? It's not a proper name

To avoid this, you should consult the semantic model to check if the variable is global or not.

> ### Testing the Rule

Reviewer: Is there a particular reason for this being upper case? It's not a proper name

Note that the code in those `.jsonc` files is interpreted in a _script environment_.
This means that you cannot use syntax that belongs to _ECMAScript modules_ such as `import` and `export`.

> #### Run the Snapshot Tests

Reviewer: I don't think we need to upper case this

Check our main [contribution document](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#testing) to know how to deal with the snapshot tests.

> ### Documenting the Rule

Reviewer: Is there a particular reason for this being upper case? It's not a proper name

Reviewer 2: It's a heading, which typically is in "title casing"

Reviewer: I honestly don't know what you're referring to

Reviewer 2: See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_case

The rules vary depending on which style guide you reference, but generally it's:
- capitalize all words
   - except articles and conjunctions (eg. `the`, `a`, `but`, etc)
- Always capitalize the first word

Reviewer: TIL :)
